Update our install instructions, including WinGet script (#45351)
dotnet/docs: includes/dotnet-prerequisites.md

> ---

Author: This is the one set of text to review carefully. All other edits replace text with this file.

author: BillWagner
ms.author: wiwagn
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 03/15/2025
---

- The latest [.NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com) editor
- The [C# DevKit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csdevkit)

> - On Windows, you can use this [WinGet script](https://builds.dotnet.microsoft.com/dotnet/install/dotnet_basic_config_docs.winget) to install all those prerequisites. Download the script, then double-click to run it. You may need to accept a User Account Control (UAC) prompt. On other platforms, you need to install each of those components separately.

Reviewer: I would separate this as a bullet and do something like this

> [!NOTE]
> On Windows, you can use this [WinGet Configuration file](https://builds.dotnet.microsoft.com/dotnet/install/dotnet_basic_config_docs.winget) to install all prerequisites. If you already have something installed, WinGet will skip that step.
> 1. Download the file and double-click to run it. 
> 2. Read the license agreement, type "y", and hit enter when prompted to accept. 
> 3. Be on the lookout for a flashing User Account Control (UAC) prompt in your Windows Taskbar, you may need to require administrator-level permissions to install.

> - On Windows, you can use this [WinGet script](https://builds.dotnet.microsoft.com/dotnet/install/dotnet_basic_config_docs.winget) to install all those prerequisites. Download the script, then double-click to run it. You may need to accept a User Account Control (UAC) prompt. On other platforms, you need to install each of those components separately.

Author: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> On Windows, you can use this [WinGet Configuration file](https://builds.dotnet.microsoft.com/dotnet/install/dotnet_basic_config_docs.winget) to install all prerequisites. If you already have something installed, WinGet will skip that step.
> 1. Download the file and double-click to run it. 
> 2. Read the license agreement, type "y", and hit enter when prompted to accept. 
> 3. Be on the lookout for a flashing User Account Control (UAC) prompt in your Windows Taskbar, you may need to require administrator-level permissions to install. 
```

---
author: BillWagner
ms.author: wiwagn
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 03/15/2025
---

- The latest [.NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com) editor

> - The [C# DevKit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csdevkit)

Author: ```suggestion
- The [C# DevKit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csdevkit)

```

---
author: BillWagner
ms.author: wiwagn
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 03/15/2025
---

- The latest [.NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com) editor
- The [C# DevKit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csdevkit)

> [!TIP]
> On Windows, this [WinGet Configuration file](https://builds.dotnet.microsoft.com/dotnet/install/dotnet_basic_config_docs.winget) installs all missing prerequisites:
>
> 1. Download the file and double-click to run it.

> > 1. Read the license agreement, type "y", and hit enter when prompted to accept.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> 1. Read the license agreement, type <kbd>y</kbd>, and select <kbd>enter</kbd> when prompted to accept.
```

> > 1. Read the license agreement, type <kbd>y</kbd>, and select <kbd>enter</kbd> when prompted to accept.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> 1. Read the license agreement, type <kbd>y</kbd>, and select <kbd>Enter</kbd> when prompted to accept.
```
